# Appearance
background = "#0c0c13"
background-blur-radius = 20
background-opacity = 0.90
copy-on-select = clipboard
font-family = "HunterMono Nerd Font"
font-size = 18
macos-option-as-alt = "left"
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
macos-titlebar-style = "transparent"
theme = "Catppuccin Mocha"
window-height = 50
window-width = 150

# Keybinds
keybind = ctrl+b>t=new_tab
keybind = ctrl+b>n=next_tab
keybind = ctrl+b>p=previous_tab
keybind = ctrl+b>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = ctrl+b>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = ctrl+b>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = ctrl+b>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = ctrl+b>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = ctrl+b>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = ctrl+b>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = ctrl+b>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = ctrl+b>9=goto_tab:9
keybind = ctrl+b>r=reload_config

# Splits
keybind = ctrl+b>/=new_split:auto
keybind = ctrl+b>e=equalize_splits
keybind = super+shift+w=close_surface
keybind = ctrl+b>h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+b>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+b>k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+b>l=goto_split:right

macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
